Backend/Middleware/README.md, before:

# SMU-CS203

## Workspace for Middleware Management Microservice

To start the microservice, run the commands below in order

```console
cd Backend\Middleware
mvn clean install
mvn spring-boot:run
```

### Quick Reference API Endpoints

### GET /health

---
Check the health of the application

Sample Success 200 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "Health Check Success",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Success 500 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "Error: <Error Message>",
    "content": null
}
```

### POST /middleware/checkjwt

---
Checks validity of JWT and values and returns the UUID and Role stored in the JWT.

Sample Request Body:

```json
{
    "jwt": "jwt-value"
}
```

Sample Success 200 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "JWT validation successful.",
    "content": {
        "uuid": "uuid-value",
        "isAdmin": "0"
    }
}
```

Sample Failed 401 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "Invalid JWT or session expired.",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Failed 404 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "User not found for the provided UUID.",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Failed 500 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "An unexpected error occurred.",
    "content": null
}
```

Commit message:

Editting README. Note path changes for profile/update (update removed since PUT), middleware/checkjwt (changed to just /jwt)

Backend/Middleware/README.md, after:

# SMU-CS203

## Quick Links
---
1. [Workspace for Matchmaking Microservice](#workspace-for-matchmaking-microservice)
2. [Quick Reference API Endpoints](#quick-reference-api-endpoints)
3. [API Endpoints with Requests and Responses](#api-endpoints-with-requests-and-responses)

## Workspace for Middleware Management Microservice

To start the microservice, run the commands below in order

```console
cd Backend\Middleware
mvn clean install
mvn spring-boot:run
```

## Quick Reference API Endpoints

### Health Check Endpoint

| HTTP Method | Endpoint               | Description                                     |
|-------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `GET`       |  [/health](#get-health) | Check the health of the application.            |

### Matchmaking Endpoint

| HTTP Method | Endpoint                             | Description                                            |
|-------------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `POST`       | [/jwt](#post-jwt) | Matchmake users for the most recent round of the tournament with the given Tournament ID. |

## API Endpoints with Requests and Responses

### GET /health

---
Check the health of the application

Sample Success 200 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "Health Check Success",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Success 500 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "Error: <Error Message>",
    "content": null
}
```

### POST /jwt

---
Checks validity of JWT and values and returns the UUID and Role stored in the JWT.

Sample Request Body:

```json
{
    "jwt": "jwt-value"
}
```

Sample Success 200 Response:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "message": "JWT validation successful.",
    "content": {
        "uuid": "uuid-value",
        "isAdmin": "0"
    }
}
```

Sample Failed 401 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "Invalid JWT or session expired.",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Failed 404 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "User not found for the provided UUID.",
    "content": null
}
```

Sample Failed 500 Response:

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "message": "An unexpected error occurred.",
    "content": null
}
```
